bdi_descriptions = [

    "This item measures Sadness. It evaluates the extent of an individual's feeling of sadness or unhappiness, determining if the individual feels sad occasionally, frequently, or constantly.",

    "This item measures Pessimism. It evaluates the individual's outlook on the future and the presence of hopelessness, assessing whether the individual feels optimistic, discouraged, or hopeless about the future.",

    "This item measures the Sense of Failure. It assesses feelings of personal failure and self-worth, determining if the individual feels successful, more of a failure than others, or a complete failure.",

    "This item measures the Loss of Pleasure. It gauges the level of satisfaction or pleasure derived from activities, assessing if the individual finds enjoyment in activities or feels dissatisfied and bored.",

    "This item measures Guilty Feelings. It assesses the frequency and intensity of feelings of guilt, determining if the individual feels guilt occasionally, frequently, or constantly.",

    "This item measures the Sense of Punishment. It assesses feelings of being punished or expecting punishment, determining if the individual feels they might be punished or are being punished constantly.",

    "This item measures Self-Dislike. It evaluates the degree of disappointment and disgust with oneself, assessing if the individual feels neutral, disappointed, or hates themselves.",

    "This item measures Self-Criticism. It assesses the tendency to criticize oneself for perceived faults and mistakes, determining if the individual blames themselves occasionally, frequently, or all the time.",

    "This item measures Suicidal Thoughts. It assesses the presence and intensity of suicidal ideation, determining if the individual has occasional thoughts, frequent thoughts, or intentions to commit suicide.",

    "This item measures Crying. It gauges changes in crying behavior as an indicator of emotional distress, assessing if the individual cries occasionally, frequently, or is unable to cry.",

    "This item measures Restlessness. It assesses the level of restlessness and agitation, determining if the individual feels restless occasionally, frequently, or all the time.",

    "This item measures the Loss of Interest in People. It evaluates the extent of interest in social interactions, determining if an individual has lost interest in meeting new people and forming relationships with them.",

    "This item measures Indecisiveness. It assesses difficulties in making decisions, determining if the individual makes decisions as usual, puts off decisions, or cannot make decisions at all.",

    "This item measures Self-Worthlessness. It evaluates the individual's feelings of worthlessness, assessing if they feel worthless occasionally, frequently, or constantly.",

    "This item measures Loss of Energy. It assesses changes in energy levels, determining if the individual feels as energetic as usual, less energetic, or completely lacking in energy.",

    "This item measures Sleep Disturbance. It assesses changes in sleep patterns and quality, determining if the individual sleeps as usual, has trouble sleeping, or cannot sleep for extended periods.",

    "This item measures Fatigue. It assesses the level of tiredness and fatigue, determining if the individual feels tired as usual, more easily, or is too tired to do anything.",

    "This item measures Appetite Changes. It evaluates changes in appetite and eating behaviors, determining if the individual's appetite is the same, worse, or absent.",

    "This item measures Concentration. It assesses the individual's ability to concentrate, determining if they can concentrate as usual, have difficulty concentrating, or cannot concentrate at all.",

    "This item measures Fatigue. It assesses the level of tiredness and fatigue, determining if the individual feels tired as usual, more easily, or is too tired to do anything.",

    "This item measures the Loss of Interest in Sex. It evaluates changes in sexual interest and desire, determining if the individual's interest in sex is the same, reduced, or completely absent."]
